hey guys today I'm going to be opening
the My Little Pony Friendship is Magic
series or wave 11 I believe I'm sorry I
always hit these confused this is the
wave with the pretty Z's and I haven't
gotten a breezy yet so I would be
interested in getting one of those and
of course any ponies that I do not have
I got my scissors let's cut this one
which oh not that card I feel like I
just did and Oh didn't it I need a
bigger scissors did I yeah I did click
the card that's okay
today cheese sandwich likes making lunch
for his friends well this is a new one
I'm sure you know here is a cheese
sandwich cheese sandwich is a boy pony
because it said he and look at his legs
are super long and he actually looks
really cool I like his mane and tail
they're kind of fluffy or curly and he's
wearing a t-shirt and he has a little
cheese sandwich
Judy mark that's really cool look at the
little curl that's super cute I really
like this one I feel like the legs are
longer I don't need to compare it to
another one but yes this is a cheese
sandwich and it's a new one yay
continuing on let's clip the top off of
this one and shape all the pony out
first oh she's really pretty I think
this is the Pinkie Pie mold I'm not sure
she's pink and purple and her cutie mark
looks like buttons yep her name is
button Bell loves to laugh and tell
jokes she's super cute so this is button
Bell I love her the pink and the purple
is just the perfect coloring and it's
not a double so let's compare the two
look it cheese sandwiches legs are super
super long that's crazy
so here the two that I got today they're
both super cute I posted a picture of my
my little pony
tower on Twitter the other day and if
you saw it you will know that my
collection is growing thanks to the Toys
R Us lucky bag and if you haven't seen
that video check it out because it was
super fun to open and now I have two
more ponies to add to my collection a
huge thank you to manager Sylvia for
giving me beads I led them and thanks to
you guys too for watching and always
supporting me you're all amazing I love
you all so much and I will be back with
more video so you have any requests
leave them below and I will try to do
them I'll see you guys next time bye II
[Music]